this busy Market in Rafa has become
accustomed to amar's voice offering his
biscuits and chocolates for
S before the war he was a student living
in the she radan neighborhood in
Northern Gaza but today he's another
street vendor hoping to help his
family I'm 12 years old I used to be in
the sixth grade our house in Gaza was
bombed and destroyed I sell here to help
my family and siblings I work here for 5
hours every
day he's not the only one here but each
child has their own line of business
joria and Fatima sell accessories such
as bracelets and hair ties to help their
families their only hope at the moment
is to get back to normal
life I want to go back to school I want
to play I want to draw I wish I can play
back with the kids just like other
children they study they play they do
whatever they want we are in a war we
wake up to bombings and sleep to Rockets
we sleep with fear and wake up to
fear I want to live like ordinary kids I
want to practice my hobby I want to go
to school I want my life before the war
back the war has distanced them from
their childhood the wordss they use to
express their concerns belong to a
different
generation I'm a refugee from Gaza from
early morning I come to the market to
earn my daily money I live in a tent the
situation here in Rafa is too difficult
it's getting expensive day after day and
actually I'm afraid of an Israeli
incursion into raer where are we to go
we fled Gaza because of fear if we're
pushed outside raer what are we to
do a UNICEF report has warned that
children in aaza are facing multiple
threats as a result of Israel's
Relentless War the number of kids killed
is close to
13,000 and with the lack of any
effective effort to reach a ceasefire
the threat of more deaths increases as a
result of the lack of food surging
malnutrition and Rapid spread of
disease alih hash
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer